c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Aim.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\BadGuy.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\bottle.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\BulletHole.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Egg.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\EggedOverlay.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\EmptyHeart.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Heart.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Innocent.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\notch.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Overlay.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\spring.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\SpringOverlay.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\TargetFrame.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\tinCan.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Wall.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash.pdb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash.pdb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml.g
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Debug\
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash.xap
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\GlassBreak.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\GlassClink.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\EggNoise.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Boing.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\CanClink.xnb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Win.xnb
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Button.xnb
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\SmallButton.xnb
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Splash.xnb
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\TutorialPage1Colours.xnb
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Title.xnb
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash.xap
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml.g
C:\Users\Joe\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\8-Bit Alley - Bottle Bash\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Debug\
